We must live by faith and not by fear - elder coook

eing sincerely christlike is an even more important goal than being authentic - elder cook

it is important to rise above rationalizations and make the best choices - elder cook

faith and hope invite into our lives the sweet peace of conscience for which we all yearn - David A. Bednar

Strong Faith in the Savior is submissively accepting of His will and timing in our lives, even if the outcome is not what we had hoped for or wanted - elder Bednar

Don't worry! It isn't as bad as you sometimes think it is. it all works out in the end. Put your trust in God and move forward with faith and the confidence in the future. the lord will not forsake us - Gordon B. Hinkley

Those who are obedient to the lord's commandments and who faithfully observe the word of wisdom are promised particular blessings - thomas s. monson

Wisdom will come as we listen to learn - Russell M. Nelson

As you choose to live on the Lord's side, you are never alone - Russell M. Nelson

Each day is a decision and our decisions determine ourdestiny - Nelson

No other work trancends that of rightous, intentional parenting - Nelson

The surest step towards joy in the morning is virtue in the evening - Nelson

Faith is the antidote of Fear - Nelson

Sin, even if legalized is still Sin in the eyes of God. - Nelson

Good timber does not grow with ease. the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. - Monson

Search inward, reach outward, look heavenward. - Thomas S. Monson

Be of Good cheer. the future is as bright as your faith - monson

you can't be right by doing wrong and you can't be wrong by doing right - unknown

Our Heaveny father does answer prayers in his own time and in his own way - monson

blame keeps wounds open. Only forgivenes heals - Monson

by choosing our path, we choose our destination - monson

A man without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder, never likely to reach home port - monson

Choose your love. Love your choice - Monson

Your future is as bright as your faith - monson

never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved - monson

Choose a field that will supply sufficient remuneration to provide adequately for your companion and your children. I bear testimony that these creria are very important in choosing your life's work. - monson

Have the ocurage tobe a light for others to follow - Monson

I promise you that one day, you will stand asside and look at your difficult times, you will realized that he was always there beside you. - monson

be the same person you are in the dark that you are in the light - monson

you can achieve what you belive you can. trust and believe and have faith. - Thomas S. Monson

Don't you give up! Don't you quit! You keep Walking! You keep trying! There is help and happiness ahead...It will be all right in the end. Trust god and belive in good things to come. - Jeffery R. Holland

Endure and Save yourself for days of happiness ahead - Elder Holland

when life ishard, remember - we are not the first to ask, "is there no other way?" - Elder Holland

We are infinitely more than our limitations of our afflictions - holland

Believe in miracles. ...Hope is NEVER lost. - holland
Patiently enduring some thisngs is part of our mortal education - Holland

Missionary work is not easy because salvation is not a cheap experience - Elder Holland 

Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary distiny - C.S. Lewis

Love is unselfishly choosing for another's highest good. - C.S. Lewis

Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point - C.S. Lewis

Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil - C.S. LewisThere is no neutral ground in the universe. Every square inch, every split second, is claimed by God and Counterclaimed by Satan. - C.S. Lewis

It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird. It would be a jolly sight harder for a bird to learn to fly whilre remaining an egg. We are like eggs at present and you cannot go on indefinitely being just an ordinary decent egg. We must be hatched or go bad - C.S. Lewis

Evil comes from the abuse of Free Will - C.S. Lewis

I believe in Christianity as i believe that the sun has risen, not only because i see it, but because by it, i see everything else. - C.S. Lewis

None of us marry perfection, we marry potential - Elder Hales

Marriage is the most trusting step in any human relationship. it is a real act of faith. THe very nature of the endeavor requires that you hold on to each other ass tightly as you can and jump - Holland

you don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a Body - C.S. Lewis

How much of life do we miss by waiting to see the rainbow begfore thanking god for the rain. - Uchtdorf

great marriages are built brick by brick, day after day, over a lifetime - uchtdorf

without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. - Hinkley

Faith is trust. Trust that God sees what we cannot, and that He knows what we do not - uchtdorf

it is better to prepare and prevent than to repair and repent - Benson

No misfortune is so bad that whining about it won't make it worse - Holland

your fath will grow not by chance, but by choice - andersen

Be still and know that I am God - Psalm 46:10

Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward - C.S. Lewis

Doubt your dubts befor you doubt your faith - uchtdorf

in three words, i can sum up everything I've learned about life: It Goes on. - Robert Frost

Come what may and love it! - Joseph B. Worthlin

The trick is to enjoy life. don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead - Marjorie Pay Hinkley

We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing about-turnand walking back to the righyt road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive. - C.S. Lewis

